[Documentation] Unit Testing Guide updated (#6550)
aces/Loris: docs/wiki/99 - Developers/UnitTestGuide.md

# **Unit Testing 101: How to Write Tests for LORIS**

> ####  Alexandra Livadas, [Google Summer of Code](https://alexandralivadas.github.io/pages/gsoc-2019.html)

Reviewer: Ok let's remove your author name from the top since it's now part of the markdown codebase.  we'll keep it below. 
```suggestion
```

#### _[with reference to PHPUnit Manual (8.3)](https://phpunit.readthedocs.io/en/8.3/)_

 

---

> This guide was written as part of Google Summer of Code.  It is for [LORIS](http://loris.ca/) developers or anyone working with LORIS who wants to contribute unit tests to the [LORIS codebase](https://github.com/aces/Loris) and learn best practices for setting up and writing unit tests. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is for [LORIS](http://loris.ca/) developers or anyone working with LORIS who wants to contribute unit tests to the [LORIS codebase](https://github.com/aces/Loris) and learn best practices for setting up and writing unit tests. 
It was originally created as part of [Google Summer of Code 2019 by Alexandra Livadas](https://alexandralivadas.github.io/pages/gsoc-2019.html)) for the LORIS 21 release.  
```

# **Unit Testing 101: How to Write Tests for LORIS**

> This guide is for [LORIS](http://loris.ca/) developers or anyone working with LORIS who wants to contribute unit tests to the [LORIS codebase](https://github.com/aces/Loris) and learn best practices for setting up and writing unit tests. It was originally created as part of [Google Summer of Code 2019 by Alexandra Livadas](https://alexandralivadas.github.io/pages/gsoc-2019.html)) for the LORIS 21 release.  

Reviewer 2: Would you mind deleting these lines? It's unusual for us to include author info in documentation like this. And if anybody is on this page they probably already know about LORIS and where to find the codebase. 

Your authorship will be forever tracked by git and if anybody challenges you on this I'm happy to back you up. :)
